website/pages/staff.md, before:

# Staff FAQ

### Who are the staff?

Staff are represented by the symbols next to their names and appear at the top of the userlist. They are the senior users of Pokémon Showdown and are responsible for the smooth daily running of the simulator. A full staff list can be found below.

### What's the difference between room staff and global staff?

Room staff have permissions tied specifically to the room they were promoted in, whereas global staff have increased permissions across the server. Room staff can only perform moderation duties within their rooms, whereas global staff have the ability to globally lock or ban users and thus should be sought instead of room staff for PM or battle abuse. Global staff may also hold higher positions as room staff. Global staff can be identified by the "Global" indicator when clicking on their username.

### What is the difference between the ranks?

**Room Drivers (`%`)** can warn users, mute users for 7 or 60 minutes, and set moderated chat up to `+`.

**Room Moderators (`@`)** can do all of the above, as well as promote users up to `+`, ban users from the room, create room FAQs, and alter moderated chat up to any rank.

**Room Owners (`#`)** can do all of the above, as well as promote users to Room Moderator, make unsigned declarations, and set the room introduction.

**Section Leaders (`§`)** oversee public chatrooms within their section. You can refer to the [list of rooms](https://www.smogon.com/forums/threads/pok%C3%A9mon-showdown-forum-rules-resources-read-here-first.3570628/#post-6804772) to see who oversees each section.

**Global Drivers (`%`)** can warn users both in rooms and globally, mute users for 7 or 60 minutes, lock users from talking for 2 days or a week, forcibly rename users, clear users' statuses, check users' alternate accounts, check logs of past chat and moderation actions in all rooms.

**Global Moderators (`@`)** can do all of the above, as well as ban users from the server, do anything a Room Moderator can do, and check users' IP addresses.

**Global Administrators (`&`)** can: do all of the above, as well as promote users to any rank, force ties and wins in battle, make unsigned global declarations, create rooms, ban a range of IP addresses, reset passwords, and permanently lock / ban users.

###  How do I become a staff member?

***You do not join the staff by asking for it;*** staff are appointed with internal nominations and without an application process.
If you are determined to be promoted, there are ways to display your aptitude:

- Be both active and positive everywhere on the sim. We select staff from the pool of Global Voices, so being a positive presence on the server is essential.

- Do not flame, be argumentative, or break any other PS! rules. Staff members are designated exemplary users and represent PS! in an official capacity.

- Gain the respect of PS! users and staff alike. Being a kind and considerate person to every user is an essential trait of a good staff member.

- Demonstrate your ability as a trusted user. Members who have demonstrated themselves to be active, decisive, and level-headed in other rooms with authority positions (`%` / `@ `/ `#`) are more likely to be promoted. While room ranks do not guarantee a global promotion, they can help assert desirable staff characteristics.

### How do I become a Voice?

In order to become a Driver you must first become a Voice. Being a Voice (`+`) marks you as a particularly good user, although it is not a staff rank. It grants you a position at the top of the userlist, the ability to talk in moderated chat, and shows that you are a respected and helpful chat member. While obeying the following will not guarantee you voice status, it's a good start and will certainly improve your image in the staff team's eyes:

- Be helpful to others. Not everyone who uses Pokémon Showdown is an experienced battler, and answering their questions or otherwise helping them will gain respect from other users.

- Encourage newcomers to Smogon and competitive Pokémon. The majority of new users have not played competitive Pokémon before and may even be in an internet chat room for the first time. As such, treat them with respect, help them if needed, and make Pokémon Showdown a better place for them.

- Respect authority. While you might not agree with the decisions of staff members at times, please do not question or otherwise call out their decisions. If you feel that a staff member has made a wrong decision or abused their power, please PM a higher ranked staff member in a polite manner.

- Be a generally positive presence in the chat. Answering questions, helping users, and contributing intelligently and respectfully to discussions are ways we can discern good Voices.

- Contributions to Showdown's [GitHub](https://github.com/smogon/pokemon-showdown) [repositories](https://github.com/smogon/pokemon-showdown-client) may also lead to a user being voiced.

- Exceptional contributions to PS! rooms may also result in a global promotion.

<small>(Originally by [Birkal](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/birkal.66676/) and [michael](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/michael.94718/); updated by [Vacate](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/vacate.189371/) and converted to Markdown for the PS! website by [Annika](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/annika.434112/))</small>

Commit message:

Add a link to the staff list (#2073)
* Add a link to the staff list

[very serious comment]

The text in the first paragraph says "A full staff list can be found below." but there was no staff list below lmao.

* Update website/pages/staff.md

meow

Co-authored-by: Kris Johnson <11083252+KrisXV@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Kris Johnson <11083252+KrisXV@users.noreply.github.com>

website/pages/staff.md, after:

# Staff FAQ

### Who are the staff?

Staff are represented by the symbols next to their names and appear at the top of the userlist. They are the senior users of Pokémon Showdown and are responsible for the smooth daily running of the simulator. A full staff list can be found below.

### What's the difference between room staff and global staff?

Room staff have permissions tied specifically to the room they were promoted in, whereas global staff have increased permissions across the server. Room staff can only perform moderation duties within their rooms, whereas global staff have the ability to globally lock or ban users and thus should be sought instead of room staff for PM or battle abuse. Global staff may also hold higher positions as room staff. Global staff can be identified by the "Global" indicator when clicking on their username. You can also refer to the [staff list](https://www.smogon.com/sim/staff_list) to see all Global Staff members. 

### What is the difference between the ranks?

**Room Drivers (`%`)** can warn users, mute users for 7 or 60 minutes, and set moderated chat up to `+`.

**Room Moderators (`@`)** can do all of the above, as well as promote users up to `+`, ban users from the room, create room FAQs, and alter moderated chat up to any rank.

**Room Owners (`#`)** can do all of the above, as well as promote users to Room Moderator, make unsigned declarations, and set the room introduction.

**Section Leaders (`§`)** oversee public chatrooms within their section. You can refer to the [list of rooms](https://www.smogon.com/forums/threads/pok%C3%A9mon-showdown-forum-rules-resources-read-here-first.3570628/#post-6804772) to see who oversees each section.

**Global Drivers (`%`)** can warn users both in rooms and globally, mute users for 7 or 60 minutes, lock users from talking for 2 days or a week, forcibly rename users, clear users' statuses, check users' alternate accounts, check logs of past chat and moderation actions in all rooms.

**Global Moderators (`@`)** can do all of the above, as well as ban users from the server, do anything a Room Moderator can do, and check users' IP addresses.

**Global Administrators (`&`)** can: do all of the above, as well as promote users to any rank, force ties and wins in battle, make unsigned global declarations, create rooms, ban a range of IP addresses, reset passwords, and permanently lock / ban users.

###  How do I become a staff member?

***You do not join the staff by asking for it;*** staff are appointed with internal nominations and without an application process.
If you are determined to be promoted, there are ways to display your aptitude:

- Be both active and positive everywhere on the sim. We select staff from the pool of Global Voices, so being a positive presence on the server is essential.

- Do not flame, be argumentative, or break any other PS! rules. Staff members are designated exemplary users and represent PS! in an official capacity.

- Gain the respect of PS! users and staff alike. Being a kind and considerate person to every user is an essential trait of a good staff member.

- Demonstrate your ability as a trusted user. Members who have demonstrated themselves to be active, decisive, and level-headed in other rooms with authority positions (`%` / `@ `/ `#`) are more likely to be promoted. While room ranks do not guarantee a global promotion, they can help assert desirable staff characteristics.

### How do I become a Voice?

In order to become a Driver you must first become a Voice. Being a Voice (`+`) marks you as a particularly good user, although it is not a staff rank. It grants you a position at the top of the userlist, the ability to talk in moderated chat, and shows that you are a respected and helpful chat member. While obeying the following will not guarantee you voice status, it's a good start and will certainly improve your image in the staff team's eyes:

- Be helpful to others. Not everyone who uses Pokémon Showdown is an experienced battler, and answering their questions or otherwise helping them will gain respect from other users.

- Encourage newcomers to Smogon and competitive Pokémon. The majority of new users have not played competitive Pokémon before and may even be in an internet chat room for the first time. As such, treat them with respect, help them if needed, and make Pokémon Showdown a better place for them.

- Respect authority. While you might not agree with the decisions of staff members at times, please do not question or otherwise call out their decisions. If you feel that a staff member has made a wrong decision or abused their power, please PM a higher ranked staff member in a polite manner.

- Be a generally positive presence in the chat. Answering questions, helping users, and contributing intelligently and respectfully to discussions are ways we can discern good Voices.

- Contributions to Showdown's [GitHub](https://github.com/smogon/pokemon-showdown) [repositories](https://github.com/smogon/pokemon-showdown-client) may also lead to a user being voiced.

- Exceptional contributions to PS! rooms may also result in a global promotion.

<small>(Originally by [Birkal](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/birkal.66676/) and [michael](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/michael.94718/); updated by [Vacate](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/vacate.189371/) and converted to Markdown for the PS! website by [Annika](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/annika.434112/))</small>
